[Music]
if you see this on your windshield
you're in danger car theft is one of the
most widespread crimes nowadays and
while the number of stolen cars is
slightly less than it was at the
beginning of the 21st century criminals
keep coming up with new schemes to park
car owners from their vehicles in this
video you'll learn about yet another
trick car thieves used to snatch your
car from right under your nose you'll
also find out which cars are targeted
the most frequently which states are the
most dangerous for car owners and some
unusual methods you can use to protect
your car but first remember to hit the
red subscription button this way you'll
get to the bright side of life where
hundreds of videos are waiting to answer
almost any question you can think of and
to keep track of daily updates ring the
notification bell
according to the FBI statistics two cars
are stolen every minute in the US this
adds up to almost three thousand cars a
day it also means that more than a
million car owners lose their vehicles
every year
criminals target trucks buses cars
motorbikes scooters and even snowmobiles
the FBI's Uniform Crime Report states
that almost 6 billion dollars was lost
to car theft in 2016 which is about
seventy seven hundred dollars per crime
the states with the highest rate of this
type of crime are New Mexico almost six
hundred cars per 100,000 inhabitants
were stolen in 2016
California for every 100,000 people
about 450 cars were taken Nevada 448
people out of every 100,000 residents of
this state found their vehicles missing
other states with alarmingly high levels
of car theft are Washington Alaska
Hawaii Colorado and
Oregon according to the National
Insurance Crime Bureau the most targeted
cars are the Honda Accord Honda Civic
Ford pickups Chevrolet pickups Toyota
Camry Nissan Altima Dodge pickups Toyota
Corolla Chevrolet Impala and Jeep Grand
Cherokee surprisingly car thieves become
more active on certain days the largest
number of car thefts occur on Halloween
followed by Labor Day on New Year's Day
the chances of losing your car are also
pretty high other dangerous holidays are
Memorial Day New Year's Eve Independence
Day
Christmas Eve Presidents Day Valentine's
Day and Thanksgiving the holiday when
criminals are the least vigorous as
Christmas Day thanks Santa
these days besides simply breaking into
a car thieves use pretty creative and
unexpected ways to lure a victim out of
their vehicle one recent popular method
goes like this you leave a shopping mall
your office airport and go back to the
parking lot to find your car you unlock
it and put the key in the ignition when
you're about to start your vehicle and
drive away you see something strange on
your windshield is that a hundred dollar
bill
wrapped around your wiper oh you could
certainly find a way to spend this
unexpected gift but do you really think
somebody accidentally put money on your
windshield and forgot about it beware
this is nothing but a ruse as soon as
you get out of your car to get a closer
look at this mysterious banknote
criminals will jump into action they
will get into your car and drive off at
record-breaking speed let's admit that
no one would turn off their ignition and
take their belongings with them if they
got out of their car to check the
windshield as a result in under a minute
you'll lose your car your wallet and
your documents and you'll be left
stranded in the park
unfortunately it can get even worse than
that
in one case a young woman almost lost
her son due to this criminal ploy after
Missouri mom Kyrie vmon finished her
shopping at the grab OHS bluff mall in
Fenton she returned to her car strapped
her baby son into his car seat and left
the parking lot she had been driving for
several minutes before she noticed a
$100 bill under her wiper she pulled
over and exited her car to get the money
to her despair there was a note on the
back of the bill you thought it was real
right with a jolt
Kyrie realized what was happening her
car was open the engine was running and
her little son was in the backseat if
criminals had managed to get into the
vehicle they would have taken away not
only her vehicle but her baby as well
the only thing that saved her from this
horrible scenario was that she had
already moved a fair distance away from
the parking lot this case proves that
you can't feel too safe even in broad
daylight in this type of situation
how can you detect a threat first of all
walk around your car to check if
anything is amiss before you unlock it
and start the engine one sure sign that
you're in danger is an almost empty
parking lot and another car parked next
to yours with somebody sitting inside
car thieves are typically waiting nearby
most often in a vehicle parked next to
your car you should also be on the alert
if there are trucks around your car
blocking it from the stores view in this
case nobody will notice if you need help
sadly that's not the only trick car
thieves have up their sleeves
here are some other criminal schemes as
well as ways to protect yourself from
having your car stolen a car thief may
bump against your car to check if you
have an alarm many car alarms are so
a truck can set them off
this makes car owners tune the alarm out
as a result they miss the moment when
their car is being driven away try to
use a car alarm with a pager that can
notify you when something has activated
the alarm some criminals caused car
accidents on purpose
for example they hit another car at the
traffic lights when the victims and
witnesses get out of their vehicles to
see what happened the thief's accomplice
hops into the car they like and drives
away if you see an accident don't leave
your car until you turn off the engine
and take your valuables with you to
reach their goals
criminals can go to extremes for example
some of them are ready to cut a steering
wheel if it has a lot so instead of
having your steering wheel lock use a
switch that disables the starter and put
it in a hidden place sometimes you make
the life of car thieves much easier
without realizing it
lots of people keep their spare keys
inside their car or in a special
magnetic box attached to the underside
of the vehicle do you think an
experienced criminal doesn't know all
about these hiding places one car thief
confessed that 90% of all car thefts he
had committed went like this he would
choose a car find the keys and drive
away
there's one more important thing to know
legally if a person breaks into your car
or takes it by force it's a felony but
if the same person finds the keys inside
or outside the car this counts as
joyriding which is only a misdemeanor as
a result this is less of a risk for a
car thief how can you avoid this danger
to start with don't leave your spare
keys inside your car keep them at home
or ask your family members or friends to
look after them and make sure there
isn't a set of spare keys in your car
that you know nothing about it's not as
improbable as you might think
thousands of people are unaware that
there are valet keys inside their car
such keys are used by a valet as they
can unlock the
driver's door and start the engine these
Keys don't open the glovebox or the
trunk but this isn't crucial for a car
thief and while you may not know that
your car features a set of valet keys
most criminals do how attentive are you
to your surroundings when you're driving
have you heard about other tricks
criminals used to get a hold of a car
tell us in the comments below if this
video has been of any use to you hit the
like button and subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
you